as we're now only moments away from the
off let's take a look at the grid
ordinal hello everyone and welcome to
Austria where my first decision is which
setup to go to as you can see I've got
many options available and I think I'm
going to go for that one there yep
that's absolutely sorted here we are
then on the grid in Austria and ready to
go for my second f1 2015 raise it P 16
out of 20 and I'll have immediately got
the jump on the Mercedes as we go
towards turn one this is going to get
very hairy oh my goodness and you've
seen that car jumping about there let's
just please rewatch that we have to
because that was some serious disarray
going on towards turn one I mean just
look at that the pictures speak for
themselves no comment is necessary I had
to say it did not a hat to say it now
with f1 2015 looming
let's hope they are the last ever pieces
of alien footage we see on an f1 game
because already in only the second race
they are here moving on in that first
corner bedlam I got a penalty and oh my
word have you seen the cars just flying
everywhere Red Bulls driving well
everywhere but the track it seems the
McLaren has swiped me into the wall
that's not ideal so we're not even at
turn 2 yet I've already been cleaned out
twice which well the only thing I can
think of that wants to be cleaned out
that often is the Attic now on the back
straight approaching turned 3 and I've
been clipped again from behind this time
I'm carrying some polystyrene barrier
for my troubles and I've now got a
Mercedes on my right front tire who's
decided to just bash into it and there's
a result I'm out again I've got more
penalties for my trouble and that
Marussia is just completely bewildering
in every single ways on P 14 so I'm
still actually up on my grid slot but
I'm going to flip the table if I get
knocked out again this lap bro this is
approaching hilarious territory now with
how bad it's got I mean I am now
virtually last position on the on
circuit after well two sectors into the
third sector now and it's it's
unfathomable I don't think I think my
crash to call a ratio this lap is
probably about six corners to four
crashes which is just astounding I can't
keep the car on the road at all without
making contact with another driver the
only way I can do it is like now we're
miles away from someone else but the bad
news is I'm now approaching several
other drivers like to turn to a how is
that an illegal overtake can we just
review that one please so the McLaren
just barges his way back onto the racing
line I take evasive action and well I
suppose ya did overtake him off the road
so it is a bit of an illegal overtake
but it's a bit harsh really I mean there
wasn't a lot the Marussia is just a joke
I mean it's just chaos how another
wipeout by the way but how can I race in
these conditions it's just impossible
it's just impossible as soon as I'm
alongside another driver it's just a
wipeout it's just total wipe out every
corner I can't I can't play the game I
can't play the game well I haven't been
able to play the game for five years but
I really can't play this game really
can't play it well on we go P 17 out of
29 behind Ricardo who's actually a
computer driver who I've now overtaken
literally everything I try and do in
this race ends in misery I mean it
probably was an illegal overtake but
that's not the point I'm baking at this
stage and have let through a Ferrari so
I haven't got a penalty for it and I'm
now going to try and slip down the
inside of the Ferrari into the
penultimate corner that's come off quite
well actually that's very surprising but
what's depressing is that I'm only now
in P 16 so after two laps I'm right back
where I started
and there's a Toro so they're just part
on the start/finish straight he's giving
up with the race and frankly I don't
blame him because I'm very close to
doing the same there was another car off
to the right there and he's done the
same and everyone's just giving up
frankly but but now I'm going up the
inside of the Mercedes as we get towards
the end of sector one in we go that P 13
thank you very much but he might get the
cut back on me yes he has done and
retakes that position from me but I've
got the DRS to help me as we go towards
turn three towards about the halfway
stage of the lap I'm going to try and
make a committed move down the inside
into this corner bit of contact with his
right where that could have ended a far
more miserably than it did and some car
has literally just splattered themselves
out on me they just clattered into me
and they've gone spinning gone for a
walk into the gravel and I've gone away
very lightly there which is very nice
indeed still behind this Mercedes are
going towards the final few corners it's
going to be a very very late and rash
move for me if it's going to come off
but it looks like I'm way too far back
as we go into the penultimate corner the
car ahead of him jumped there must be
using the flu Network from Harry Potter
and it's a rather desperate dive down
the inside from me I spin out as a
result for the eight millionth time
which is a massive wind up but I got
what I deserve really it was a hopeless
charge down the inside and well I don't
really know where I finished in me and I
know that Ferrari got past me and it's a
pretty dismal race isn't it from start
if it oh my god Alonso won well if you
needed any more confirmation of aliens
in f1 2015 there you are I hope you
enjoyed this race it was fairly
calamitous from start to finish for me
but entertaining nonetheless thank you
ever so much for watching and good bye
[Applause]
you